1. Iteracje
	Velocity - ilość scommitowanych punktów na sprint.
	Ile w ciągu jednego sprintu jesteśmy w stanie zrobić. 
	
	I Iteracja: 
	 As a user i would like to create an account
	 As a user i would like to set my username, password, email address, gg account number, facebook identifier.
	 As a user i would like to log in using my temporary password generated by service.
	 As a user i would like to have a possibility to change a password.
	 As a user i would like to have a possibility to change a username.
	 As a user i would like to remove my account.
	 As a user i would like to view my calendar.
	 As a user i would like to view my calendar by month.
	 As a user i would like to view my calendar by year.
	 As a user i would like to view my calendar by week.
	 As a user i would like to i would like to change page template.
	 
	II Iteracja:
	 As a user i would like to add new event to my calendar.
	 As a user i would like to set event date.
	 As a user i would like to set event time.
	 As a user i would like to set event reoccurance settings.
	 As a user i would like to choose where to send remind.
	 As a user i would like to set reminder delay before event.
	 As a user i would like to edit my personal details.
	 As a user i would like to remind/reset password.
	 As a user i would like to set if we want event full description or only short.
	 As a user i would like to choose on which comunication service i'd like to have a remind.
	 As a user i would like to edit event properties.
	 As a user i would like to remove event.
	 As a user i would like to display details of each day.
	 As a user i would like to display events from whole week.
	
	
	III Iteracja:
	 As a user i would like to set possibility do add another recipient to reminder for particular event.
	 As a user i would like to set avatar for my account.
	 As a user i would like to change event date.
	 As a user i would like to change event time.
	 As a user i would like to change event reoccurance settings.
	 As a user i would like to change possibility do add another recipient to reminder for particular event.
	 As a user i would like to change where to send remind.
	 As a user i would like to change reminder delay before event.
	 As a user i would like to change if we want event full description or only short.
	 As a user i would like to change on which comunication service i'd like to have a remind.
	 As a user i would like to search events by date, name, descritpion.
	 As a user i would like to sort search events result by date, name, descritpion.
	 
	 
2. TDD (Test Development)
	STORY1
3. Każda historyjka za pomocą testcase-ow. Testy funkcjonalne. 
